Adding HCP and HCP Terraform Links to make the platform easier to find (#856)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables.mdx

To add a variable:

> 1. Sign in to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io/) or Terraform Enterprise and select the workspace you want to add a variable to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io/) or Terraform Enterprise and select the workspace you want to define a variable for.
```
